the economy is strong the jobs Market is
healthy and consumers have never been
better well it depends you came here for
the truth so let me unveil that for you
if you look at one news you look at the
other you get a different picture you
get a different story I am here to show
you the raw data of what's happening
this connects in with a video I did
recently showing there is a 9 million
transparency 9 million job transparency
in between
one set of data and the other and so we
have to look at that in depth and
understand what's going on with the
consumer because that Insight sometimes
anecdotal evidence give us more
information than what we're going to get
from the Bureau of Labor Statistics and
all these other groups I need to make
something very clear when we look at
employment or unemployment that is a
very broad term and this you know BLS or
whoever it might be they're going to
give you one statistic and they're going
to measure that month to month and
that's supposedly a good indication of
that particular you know factor with
jobs employment whatever you can't do
that you can't take Millions upon
millions of people and Shrink them down
to a single digigit percentage it's just
not a good thing but of course they do
so they do it and manipulated just like
owners equivalent rent you know when
they're coming up with the inflation
data they use something called owner's
equivalent rent it's garbage it's total
garbage you can have rents increasing
increasing but owner's equivalent rent
could be down I mean it's obvious what
they're doing so look at this I'm going
to show you some information first the
consumer spends on what they want
there's no question about it lot to lose
desperate Zep bound customers Drive 5
hours for one ,000 weight loss drug as
the US is hit by shortages and placed on
back order so if people want to lose
weight by taking a needle in their body
well they're clearly doing that spending
$1,000 meanwhile people are struggling
there's no question that people are
struggling I have pulled people on my
YouTube channel I've talked about this
on X I
have contacted so many people like you
would not believe I asked everybody
about this I talk about the price of
things and this is coming from people
all over the world in fact and they all
talk about the price of stuff more now
than ever before we've never seen
anything like this so keep this in mind
yeah they're spending but it's not like
it once was millions of seniors behind
student loans risk behind on their
student loans risk losing Social
Security this is something that they are
very clearly relying heavily on and the
thought that they're going to lose that
is a big problem you see student loans
we have a large I mean yes there's the $
1.7 trillion worth in
total but the um average payment is
actually quite significant I believe the
number is somewhere around
400 that is a big payment for people and
they can't just walk away from that this
is the issue and people they're seniors
and they are carrying student debt this
is a problem that is going to continue
to burden them but as it says here
people are not inflation idiots I like
that title okay and basically just
saying um you know what people are
dealing with today and they realize
what's going on they realize it okay
they think it's getting worse it's going
in the wrong direction of course
generally polls will say that and
they're saying here uh it's it's not
true I'm not stating its opinion it's
something on which reasonable people can
disagree hard economic data counts for
anything we can say inflation has moved
in the right direction in the past year
that's right and he as he says and as
we've talked about I know you know this
basically hey inflation is moving down
but it's not actually like stuff is
still moving up in price it's just
moving up slower than what it did before
and they make the example within this
article is like uh yeah if you're
gaining weight uh you know you gained
less weight this month than you did the
prior month that's like a healthy Trend
or something no that's not what it is
and so you could see inflation is going
ridiculous and we are not going to sit
here and simply just
take it at face value no we're going to
look at the depit of it all gen Z
Embraces side hustles because loyalty is
dead they they're basically saying look
I see the writing on the wall I know
there's nothing left for me there's not
going to be any Social Security look
it's already a problem I the whole
thing's a mess and so I think this is
could be you know a point in time in
which everything
snaps because you got this pzi going on
and we're all paying into this Ponzi
hoping that you know they could kick the
can down the road but at some point
something's got to give what do you
think will something eventually snap or
can they indefinitely kick the Ken down
the road I will say that we can always
inflate
away there is a moment in time where
people with their inflated dollars can
no longer afford things and then we
start to get the riots the civil unrest
and the unruly behavior when Society
begins to break down resentful Financial
stressed workers are dreaming of
quitting their jobs Canadian employees
say that they're more unhappy at work
this year than last of course this keeps
going on and on and on it's not just us
don't worry you're not alone my friends
it's Canada it's the UK it's Australia
New Zealand and so on and so forth cost
will rise this is another reason these
Chinese companies could have continued
to make Goods in China for America at
reasonable prices but now they have to
bear the extra costs of migrating to
Mexico and US consumers are grappling
with more expensive Goods this is funny
because people say you know what we're
going to do this friend Shoring near
Shoring and what's going to happen we're
going to move those jobs to Mexico
because we want to do away with China
and China's like you know what I got a
great idea let's spend M millions and
millions and millions of dollars and
let's build our factories inside of
Mexico so that we can ship our products
into the United States how about that
what about the fact that made in Italy
in the northern part of Italy where's a
lot of factories there's a bunch of
factories there that they've
manufactured their Chinese factories
Chinese business owners Chinese
workers those people are manufacturing
their made in Italy
Goods exactly as if it was in China
there is no difference yeah the soil
they're on maybe but nothing else it's
all in your mind it's all in your mind
and this whole thing is a charade it's a
charade more Americans are treating
their 401ks like cash machines I've
talked about this before I wanted to
include it because this shows the level
of stress that the consumer has the
employees are cashing out on that some
of them um I think the percentage right
now they're just showing um as it
relates to the hardship withdrawals and
it's it's something that people are
pulling out it's not huge sum of money
but it's important and where does this
lead us this is just one example bionic
Bar Royal Caribbean cruise ship robot
bartenders did you know that some Royal
Caribbean cruise ships have drink served
by a
robot yes that's right here we have it I
think it's
incredible to see it but this is what's
going to happen all of these jobs are
slowly but surely being replaced by
robots and then this is just just
something interesting you might be
interested I love to compare the
different asset classes and those like
when you compare the Haves and the Have
Nots well you can see that some are
doing very well Rare whiskey on the top
of the list which is interesting that
was uh a surprise but this is in
relation to the S&P 500 this is over 10
years as well okay so S&P 500 has
obviously over the last 10 years because
of all the money printing has done
extremely well but it's important that
we look around and just see what has
been going on here is the devaluation of
the currency people are feeling it today
and so we need to be aware of this we
need to do everything we can I've talked
about this before one tip that comes to
mind buy at your you know in buy in bulk
basically go talk to your produce
manager go talk to the people that you
know where you buy your stuff and ask to
speak to the if it's produce ask to
speak to the produce manager um you just
say hey look I'm looking to buy this you
can you sell me a case instead what is
the you know the price you go to your
neighbors you go to your family friends
split it you could do the same thing at
your produce terminal your produce
terminal is a place where the stuff is
all coming in and then your your small
grocery stores your landscapers they
pick up their stuff there the produce
terminal usually it's around the port or
it's like near the airports and stuff
depends on where it is in your city so
keep that in mind okay these are places
where you can again buy in bulk you
split with your family and friends do
that you can go to your Farmers you
could do the these things that save
money save money yeah you can shop
around there's no question about that
but you got to be buying in bulk and you
got to be going to the right places like
something like a produce terminal you're
going to get a way better deal than
you're going going to get at you know
your discount shop or whatever make
smart decisions now is not the time to
be burning money you got to conserve I
personally even though I didn't have to
I conserved I got rid of everything I
could I went through all my expenses got
rid of my expenses and as much as I
could and then I went after tightening
my belt I tried to do as much as I can
to increase the Top Line you got to do
this right now more than ever before if
you want more information in that I do
talk about this uh you can read my books
of course I got my playlist on YouTube
but specifically on the Sunday business
live Sunday business live is where we
are starting our businesses and people
in this group they're getting their
businesses going I want you to be one of
those people click the link at the top
of that description to find out more
about it you can contact me if you want
to know more about it any information
let me know um and that's it I hope
you'll be back tomorrow I'll see you
then take care